Remove Beta mentions in README + Docs (#2801)
psf/black: README.md

- [Usage and Configuration](https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/usage_and_configuration/index.html)

_Black_ is already [successfully used](https://github.com/psf/black#used-by) by many
projects, small and big. _Black_ has a comprehensive test suite, with efficient parallel
tests, and our own auto formatting and parallel Continuous Integration runner. Now that
we have become stable, you should not expect large formatting to changes in the future.

> Stylistic changes will mostly be mostly responses to bug reports and new syntax in the
> cpython runtime. For more infomation please refer to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stylistic changes will mostly be responses to bug reports and support for new Python
syntax. For more information please refer to the
```
